{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2818
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19940\viewh11140\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs36 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 A  conversation with modified DOCTOR.TXT\
\
\
Note the use of brackets to move the conversation\
\
Nice to meet you. How should we start [
\f1\b  Lesson one  Good Morning..etc
\f0\b0 ] [ 
\f1\b lesson two  ordering foo
\f0\b0 d  ] [ 
\f1\b lesson three tell me about your self 
\f0\b0 ]\
> lesson one\
Lesson One. Meeting folks. Say
\f1\b  [Hello World]
\f0\b0 \
> hello world\
thank you for dropping by. How are you? Say
\f1\b  [ I am - good]
\f0\b0 \
> I am good\
Now say
\f1\b  [good morning]
\f0\b0 \
> good morning\
Ok. Say [
\f1\b  good afternoon]
\f0\b0 \
> good afternoon\
Ok. Say 
\f1\b [ good evening]
\f0\b0 \
> good evening\
Lesson two It is dinner time. Say 
\f1\b [hungry]
\f0\b0 \
> hungry\
What would you like to eat? 
\f1\b [chicken] or [meat]
\f0\b0 \
> chicken\
What would you like to eat with your chicken? [
\f1\b salad] or [soup]
\f0\b0 \
> salad\
What beverage would you like? 
\f1\b [water] [tea] [coffee]
\f0\b0 \
> water\
Lesson Three. Ok, you will be getting with your dinner. Tell me more about yourself. [
\f1\b I am married] or [I am not married]\
> 
\f0\b0 married\
Ok. Glad to hear you are. 
\f1\b [We have kids] or [No kids]
\f0\b0 \
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
Ok. Glad to hear you are. [We have kids] or [no thank you]\
> single\
I'm not sure I understand you fully.\
> i am single\
Is it because you are single that you came to me ?\
> no i came because i am not happy\
Are you saying no just to be negative?\
> not happy\
Please go on.\
> my husband is very distant\
Your husband is very distant ?\
> yes\
You seem to be quite positive.\
> i am\
How long have you been ?\
> a long time\
Lets discuss further why your husband is very distant .\
> my husband is very distant\
Why do you say your husband is very distant ?\
> he hardly talks to me\
Earlier you said your husband is very distant .\
> yes i did\
You are sure.\
> \

\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs36 Welcome to the Hal9000 language tutor... Text me [Hello ] in Spanish to continue in spanish or select another language such as [French or Hebrew or German etc ]\
Set the language on your IPHONE KEYBOARD to Spanish then Text:\'a0 [Hello world]\'a0 in Spanish\
Hola \
Thank you for dropping by. What is your name .. say [my name is ...]\
Gracias por pasarte. \'bfCu\'e1l es tu nombre.. di [mi nombre es...]\
hola\
Mi nombre es Mel\
Encantado de conocerlo. \'bfC\'f3mo est\'e1s? Puedes responder [bien o no bien hoy]\
Nice to meet you. How are you? You can reply [good or not good today]\
Bien\
bien\
Glad to hear.. Say [ good morning ]\
Me alegra escuchar... Di [buenos d\'edas]\
Buenos d\'edas\
Ok. Say [ good afternoon]\
De acuerdo. Di [buenas tardes]\
Buenas tardes\
Ok. Say [ good evening]\
De acuerdo. Di [buenas noches]\
buenas noches\
It is dinner time. Say [ I am hungry]\
tengo hambre\
What would you like to eat? [chicken] or [ meat ]\
\'bfQu\'e9 te gustar\'eda comer? [pollo] o [carne]\
Pollo\
Pollo\
\'bfQu\'e9 te gustar\'eda comer con tu [ensalada] o [sopa] de pollo?\
What would you like to eat with your chicken [salad] or [soup]\
Ensalada\
What beverage ? [water] [tea ] or [ coffee]\
\'bfQu\'e9 bebida? [agua] [t\'e9] o [caf\'e9]\
Ensalada\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\
\
}